---
title: "Scott Lindberg"
company: Free Market Kids
img: scottlindberg.jpg
---

Scott Lindberg is the game designer of HODL UP, a Bitcoin education game, and the author of "Teaching through Games: 21 Bitcoin Lessons." He served in the U.S. Army after graduating West Point.  He later met his wife, Tali, at Yale where both earned MBA’s.  They homeschooled their four children for 20 years.  Self-custody of their kids’ education began and continues with their own education.  Today, their focus is on teaching Bitcoin and sound money to others.  They are doing this through their company, [**Free Market Kids**](https://www.freemarketkids.com). Today, Scott's concept of taking action and serving others has crystalized.  He cares deeply about individual freedoms, the Constitution protecting those freedoms, and free markets.  We owe it to those who have served, ourselves, and the next generation to preserve these ideals.  Gone is the expectation that others will do the right thing.  In fact, it is even worse.  Bad actors are attacking our freedoms, internally and externally. Why games?  In the permissionless ethos of Bitcoin, you don't need anyone's permission to have fun teaching Bitcoin!  Scott loves games, so it was natural to incorporate them into their homeschooling curriculum.  Tabletop games rank higher on the education effectiveness pyramid than traditional learning methods.  Games offer fellowship while taking a break from ever-present screen time temptations.  In short, games are a creative – and fun – way to boost learning for everyone, not just kids.